[NEAT-218] 🐻‍❄️ Ensure Lifecycle Tutorials are up-to-date (#457)
cognitedata/neat: docs/tutorials/data-modeling-lifecycle/part-2-analytic-solution.md

Olav selects the following options:

* **Data model id**: This is the id of the enterprise model. Olav finds this ID by login into CDF.
* **Reference data model id** This can be ignored for now. This is used when you want to update a solution

>   model to also download the enterprise model the solution model is built on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  model to also download the enterprise model that the solution model is built on.
```

* **Report formatter**: This is used in the validation of the model. The enterprise model should be valid,
  so this is likely not needed.
* **Role**: This is which format Olav wants to download the model. He selects `information_architect`. This is
  because he wants to focus in the modeling and not the implementation of the model.

Furthermore, Olav clicks on the `Create Excel Sheet` step which opens a modal with the configuration for the export

<img src="../../artifacts/figs/life_cycle_download_reference_model_analytic_solution_model_export.png" height="300">

* **Styling**: `maximal`. This is how the exported Excel document is styled, Olav selects `maximal` as this is
  makes the model easier to read.

> * **Output role format**: `intput`. This is the same as the role format in the `Import DMS` step. Olav

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Output role format**: `input`. This is the same as the role format in the `Import DMS` step. Olav
```

I am wandering should we rename `input` to `original` ?

and fills in the following information:

|               |                                                       |
|---------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| role          | information architect                                 |
| creator       | Olav                                                  |
| dataModelType | solution                                              |

> | namespace     | http://purl.org/cognite/power_analytic                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| namespace     | http://purl.org/cognite/power_analytic/                |
```

the namespace must end with either "/" or "#" , I think we do magically fix this (at least we were doing this in legacy)

| prefix        | power_analytic                                        |
| schema        | extended                                              |
| created       | 2024-03-26                                            |
| updated       | 2024-02-09                                            |
| version       | 0.1.0                                                 |
| title         | Power Forecast Model                                  |
| description   | Solution model for WindFarm power production forecast |

The most important part of the metadata sheet is the `dataModelType`, `prefix` and `schema`. The `dataModelType`

> is used to tell neat what type of model this is, which has impact on the validation. The `prefix` is should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used to tell neat what type of model this is, which has impact on the validation. The `prefix` and `namespace` should be
```

> different from the enterprise model, as each data model should have its own namespace. The `schema` is used to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
different from the enterprise model, as each data model should have unique prefix and namespace. The `schema` is used to
```
